For my final project, I've created a side scrolling game similar to the chrome "dino" game. The game includes images that I made in Illustrator and imported into the game. I created each of the cat images and the snowman image from scratch. The background image is a free use image. 
I animated the player character, using commands to switch between two different images while running, and another command to change to a third image when the spacebar is pressed to jump. I added a score counter and allowed for the player to press spacebar to start/restart the game.
I created barriers of different sizes that appear as the snowman that I made in Illustrator. At the start, I used a Coding Train video (link: https://youtu.be/l0HoJHc-63Q?si=r1MKyA492Q5EcxTq). This video was an immense help in giving me a starting point for my project.
I coded the basic side scroller game from this video so many times, I could probably code it in my sleep. However, adding an animation sequence, a counter, text, and allowing the player to start the game on a spacebar press were missing.
This hurdle was the most difficult part of my project, as I kept starting from the top to create my side scroller game from scratch when things went wrong. That's where this resource came in handy: (link:https://editor.p5js.org/jonfroehlich/sketches/JwvvVJlNi). 
The p5.js side scroller game example was an immense help in figuring out how to code these things into my game. I also learned how to upload a font. I used Comic Zine OT font, which I got from fontsquirrel.com. 
After all my research and a whole lot of trial and error, I'm happy with the end result. 
